1. #include <iostream>
Preprocess directive which includes the contents of a header file,
in this case iostream in the program
2. flowchart
Flowchart is a diagrammatic representation of an algorithm. Flowcharts 
are very helpful in writing program and explaining program to others.
3. syntax
he syntax of a programming language is the set of rules that define the 
combinations of symbols that are considered to be correctly structured 
programs in that language
4. IDE
An integrated development environment (IDE) is a software application 
that provides comprehensive facilities to computer programmers for 
software development
5. main function
Every C++ program has a main function which is called immediately after
the startup
6. comments
comments are used to make your code more readable, are helpful for reminding
you what your code does and helps other read it as well
7. expression
An expression in a programming language is a combination of one or more explicit
values, constants, variables, operators, and functions that the programming language
interprets and computes to produce a return value
8. operator
Operators are symbols that helps us to perform specific mathematical and logical 
computations on operands
9. case sensitive
Upper and lower case text are treated as distinct
10. psuedocode
a notation resembling a simplified programming language, used in program design.
11. camelCase 
 typographical convention in which an initial capital is used for the first letter 
 of a word forming the second element of a closed compound
12. underscore_case
is the practice of writing compound words or phrases in which the elements are 
separated with one underscore character (_) and no spaces
13. cin.get()
cin.get() takes any single keystroke including enter, tab, and whitespace whereas cin only takes in characters
14. return 0
The return value of the main function is considered tge "Exit status" and systems return 0 usually mean that
the program executed properly
15. console window
a window in which output of a program can be displayed
16. endl
endl is used to move the cout object to the next line
17. literal
constants refer to fixed values that the program may not alter and they are called literals
18. variable
A variable provides us with named storage that our programs can manipulate
19. text file
Text file" refers to a type of container
20. compiler
A compiler is a special program that processes statements written in a particular programming 
language and turns them into machine language or "code" that a computer's processor uses
21. object file
Object files are compiled by the program and contain machine code but haven't yet been linked
so refernces to functions and symbols aren't yet defined
22. linker
The linker program takes objects files and adds any runtime library routines that are referenced
in the object file
23. file extension
C++ compilers recognize the following extensions .C, .cc, .cpp, .CPP, .c++, .cp, or .cxx
24. whitespace
whitespace is the blanks between characters or strings and can be created using the space bar